Adding Pin interface design doc (#1205)
kammce/SJSU-Dev2: documentation/design_docs/L1/pin.md

    - [uint8_t GetPin() const](#uint8t-getpin-const)
- [Future Advancements](#future-advancements)
- [Testing Plan](#testing-plan)
  - [Unit Testing Scheme](#unit-testing-scheme)
    - [void PullUp() const](#void-pullup-const-1)
    - [void PullDown() const](#void-pulldown-const-1)
    - [void SetFloating() const](#void-setfloating-const-1)

# Location
`L1 Peripheral`

# Type
`Interface`

# Background
Pins are a type of electrical contact. Contacts are metal surfaces which can be
pressed or connected to another contact or pin in order to create an electric
circuit.

The pins of a micro-controller (MCU) typically can support more than one
function or mode. This could be allowing the pin to sense analog voltages.
Another could be a mode, such as SPI mode or UART mode, which allows for
communication with other devices.

Not only can a pin's functions be changed but their properties can also be
changed along side these functions. For example, many controllers have internal
pull up (resistor connected to high voltage) or pull down (resistor connected to
ground) resistors to keep the state of the pin at a known voltage when the pin
is not connected to anything.

# Overview

> The `Pin` interface should be implemented to abstract the process of changing
> the mode and attributes of a hardware pin on various MCUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Pin` interface abstracts the process of changing the mode and attributes of a hardware pin on various MCUs.
```

  virtual Returns<void> Initialize() const = 0;
  virtual Returns<void> SetPinFunction(uint8_t function) const = 0;
  virtual Returns<void> SetPull(Resistor resistor) const = 0;
  virtual Returns<void> SetAsOpenDrain(bool set_as_open_drain) const = 0;
  virtual Returns<void> SetAsAnalogMode(bool set_as_analog) const = 0;

  void PullUp() const;
  void PullDown() const;
  void SetFloating() const;

  uint8_t GetPort() const;
  uint8_t GetPin() const;
};
```

## Pin Configuration

### constexpr Pin(uint8_t port, uint8_t pin)
Constructs the `Pin` object with the specified port and pin identifier.

### Returns\<void> Initialize() const
Performs the necessary operations to initialize the hardware pin for use. An
**Error_t** should be returned when the pin fails to initialize.

### Returns\<void> SetPinFunction(uint8_t function) const
Configures the pin based on the specified function code. An **Error_t** should
be returned if the specified function code is invalid.

### Returns\<void> SetPull(Resistor resistor) const
Configures the pin based on the specified resistor pull. An **Error_t** should
be returned if the specified resistor pull is not supported.

> 

Reviewer: Put a note here that not all MCUs or pins support pull up/down resistors.

### Returns\<void> SetAsOpenDrain(bool set_as_open_drain) const
Configures the pin to be an open drain pin when `set_as_open_drain` is `true`.

> **Note:** Not all MCUs support this hardware feature. If this is the case,
> then this function should be left unimplemented.

### Returns\<void> SetAsAnalogMode(bool set_as_analog) const
Enables the pin's analog mode when `set_as_analog` is `true`.

> **Note:** Not all MCUs support the need to set the pin in analog mode. If this
> is the case, then this function should be left unimplemented.

## Utility Functions

### void PullUp() const

> Invokes `SetPull(Resistor::kPullUp)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A shorthand for invoking `SetPull(Resistor::kPullUp)`.
```
Do the same for the methods below.
